docs: add link to Smile that supports Vega-Lite 4 (#6427)
vega/vega-lite: site/ecosystem.md

- [Vega-Lite "bindings" for R](https://github.com/hrbrmstr/vegalite), create Vega-Lite visualizations in R.
- [vegaliteR](https://github.com/timelyportfolio/vegaliteR), vega-lite htmlwidget for R.
- [Vegas](https://github.com/aishfenton/Vegas) brings visualizations to Scala and Spark using Vega-Lite.

> - [Smile](https://haifengl.github.io/) is a machine learning engine for JVM and supports latest Vega-Lite in Scala 2.11, 2.12 and 2.13.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Smile](https://haifengl.github.io/) is a machine learning engine for JVM using Vega-Lite.
```
